Min-Hsueh Chiu: So in this video I will demonstrate how to use monopoly monopoly simulator. So as you can see, here is my repo, and here's the folder.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and here is the common line. Relate to this folder, as you can see.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and this common line is, I will I will use it later for execute the client. Software.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So that's me started from scratch.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So as you can see, it's now it is empty.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So let us just
Min-Hsueh Chiu: copy the bit
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and then
Min-Hsueh Chiu: bonus repo.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Okay, so right now, we have the repo here.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and what we need to do
Min-Hsueh Chiu: is to multiple
Min-Hsueh Chiu: modify, modify to the right.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Let me just directly copy it. So this will be are using this branch.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: which is phase 3. Final. This print?
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Oh, yeah. So I need to go into this folder
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and yeah, right now, I'm switched to the new branch.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Okay, as you can see.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: I'm retina in a new branch. And so
Min-Hsueh Chiu: here, I'm going to
Min-Hsueh Chiu: create
Min-Hsueh Chiu: virtual environment
Min-Hsueh Chiu: that Dmv.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and then
Min-Hsueh Chiu: I will
Min-Hsueh Chiu: executed so as you can see right now, I'm in my virtual environment.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: And then
Min-Hsueh Chiu: I will
Min-Hsueh Chiu: instill
Min-Hsueh Chiu: what I need for this package.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Basically, it's just numpy.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Okay, so here, I think, our environment is already set up.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and
Min-Hsueh Chiu: what I need to do here is maybe I can show you the execute
Min-Hsueh Chiu: while first.st
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Here it is.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Here's the execute
Min-Hsueh Chiu: underscore phase 3.sh!
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Okay, let me scroll a little bit
Min-Hsueh Chiu: so as you can see, here is the user parameter.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and here is config, the for example, python path and then execute the function.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So let me show you
Min-Hsueh Chiu: when the when using background player
Min-Hsueh Chiu: to play themselves.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So basically, what I need to do
Min-Hsueh Chiu: is to just execute
Min-Hsueh Chiu: this bash file.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and you can see.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Let
Min-Hsueh Chiu: the game already playing right now, and it is done because I just play locally. So you can see here.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: outside the monopoly simulator folder, you can see. Here is a tournament log generated.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and inside here you can see
Min-Hsueh Chiu: learn log
Min-Hsueh Chiu: for every game. So right now, I just have 2 game, as you can see here in a number game.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: And I'm using the novelty which is environment. Underscore 9.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Okay, so this is how I would I would use
Min-Hsueh Chiu: for the
Min-Hsueh Chiu: background agent that is branded itself.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So now I would demonstrate how to
Min-Hsueh Chiu: play with user software.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So as you can see, I change my user agent to ta 2 agent. So this is the indicator
Min-Hsueh Chiu: are giving into the function that
Min-Hsueh Chiu: saying, I'm going to use a socket connection.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So let me.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Okay. So for
Min-Hsueh Chiu: clarifications I will multiply
Min-Hsueh Chiu: list number 10, so it will generate another folder later.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and let me do it again.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So as you can see that
Min-Hsueh Chiu: in a previous execution, I just it's it's run directly, because it's just using the background agent. But right now, since we are going to use client software.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: so it is waiting con waiting connection here
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and so right now, I'm going to execute
Min-Hsueh Chiu: the software that is developed by Umass
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and I already config all of the environments for them. So when you
Min-Hsueh Chiu: do when when you execute the
Min-Hsueh Chiu: client software, it is very important to make sure every environment parameter is okay.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So let me execute their
Min-Hsueh Chiu: layer software here.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So as you can see, game is started.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: And also it is showing on my game engine side.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So inside here.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: you can see the log is updating.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: based on
Min-Hsueh Chiu: the
Min-Hsueh Chiu: based on the the client is playing
Min-Hsueh Chiu: right?
Min-Hsueh Chiu: And right now it's heading to the game game 2.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: And similarly.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: it is running.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Okay? So that is how
Min-Hsueh Chiu: to connect
Min-Hsueh Chiu: client and game engine.